Dedicated mode now default and baseline results download (#1)
mtulio/provider-certification-tool: docs/user.md

### Standard Environment <a name="standard-env"></a>

> A dedicated compute node should be used to avoid disruption of the test scheduler. Otherwise, the concurrency between resources scheduled on the cluster, e2e-test manager (aka openshift-tests-plugin), and other stacks like monitoring can disrupt the test environment, leading to unexpected results, like the eviction of plugins or certification server (sonobuoy pod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dedicated compute node should be used to avoid disruption of the test scheduler. Otherwise, the concurrency between resources scheduled on the cluster, e2e-test manager (aka openshift-tests-plugin), and other stacks like monitoring can disrupt the test environment, leading to unexpected results, like the eviction of plugins or aggregator server (`sonobuoy` pod).
```

| Compute       | 3     | 4   | 16       | 100          |
| Dedicated Test| 1     | 4   | 8        | 100          |

> *Note: These requirements are higher than the [minimum requirements](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.html#installation-minimum-resource-requirements_installing-bare-metal) in OpenShift product documentation due to the resource demand of the certification tests.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: These requirements are higher than the [minimum requirements](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.html#installation-minimum-resource-requirements_installing-bare-metal) for a regular cluster (non-certification) in OpenShift product documentation due to the resource demand of the certification environment.*
```

          effect: NoSchedule
```

> ### Development Environment <a name="development-env"></a>

Reviewer: @bostrt I am not sure if we need to keep this section. A file `dev.md` is designed for devs, and this option should never run in production (VCSP results).

I also think that we should remove the `--dedicated` flag, and introduce it to env var like `DEV_DEDICATED=false`, so we can propagate this somewhere (existing CM). So we can prevent human-errors.

Would love to hear from you.

Author: Sounds good to me :+1:

Author: https://github.com/redhat-openshift-ecosystem/provider-certification-tool/pull/29/commits/e484eedb2cfe70511d99ee4020724c1540b0c126
